Update structure docs (adding it for v2) (#1342)
grafana/k8s-monitoring-helm: charts/k8s-monitoring-v1/docs/Structure.md

| [Prometheus Operator CRDs](https://github.com/prometheus-operator/prometheus-operator) | CustomResourceDefinitions | `prometheus-operator-crds`    | The custom resources for the Prometheus Operator. Use if you want to deploy PodMonitors, ServiceMonitors, or Probes.                                                                                                          |
| [Grafana Beyla](https://grafana.com/oss/beyla-ebpf/)                                   | DaemonSet                 | `beyla`                       | Used for automatically instrumenting applications and gathering network metrics.                                                                                                                                              |
| [Kepler](https://sustainable-computing.io/)                                            | DaemonSet                 | `kepler`                      | Used for gathering energy consumption metrics.                                                                                                                                                                                |

### Grafana Alloy instances

> You may wonder why there are five instances of Grafana Alloy, rather than combining them. The reason is a balance
> between functionality and scalability. For example, the default functionality of the Grafana Alloy for Logs is to gather
> logs via HostPath volume mounts. This requires it to be deployed as a DaemonSet. The Grafana Alloy for Metrics is
> deployed as a StatefulSet, which allows it to be scaled (optionally with a HorizontalPodAutoscaler) based on load. If it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are five instances of Grafana Alloy instead of one that includes all functions due to the need for balance
between functionality and scalability. For example, the default functionality of the Grafana Alloy for Logs is to gather
logs via HostPath volume mounts. This requires this instance to be deployed as a DaemonSet. The Grafana Alloy for Metrics is
deployed as a StatefulSet, which allows it to be scaled (optionally with a HorizontalPodAutoscaler) based on load. If it
```

was combined with the Alloy for Logs, it would lose its ability to scale. Also, the Grafana Alloy Singleton cannot be
scaled beyond one replica, because that would result in duplicate data being sent.

> 
> Another reason for using distinct instances is to minimize the security footprint required. While the Alloy for logs
> may require a HostPath volume mount, the other instances do not, so they can be deployed with a more restrictive
> security context. This is similarly why we use a distinct Grafana Beyla and Node Exporter deployments to gather
> auto instrumented data and node metrics respectively, rather than using the
> [beyla.ebpf](https://grafana.com/docs/alloy/latest/reference/components/beyla/beyla.ebpf/) or
> [prometheus.exporter.unix](https://grafana.com/docs/alloy/latest/reference/components/prometheus/prometheus.exporter.unix/)
> Alloy components. This allows Beyla and Node Exporter to be deployed with the permissions they require to gather their
> data, while limiting Grafana Alloy to only act as a collector of that data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Security

Another reason for using distinct instances is to minimize the security footprint required. While the Alloy for logs
may require a HostPath volume mount, the other instances do not. That means they can be deployed with a more restrictive
security context. This is similarly why we use a distinct Grafana Beyla and Node Exporter deployments to gather
auto instrumented data and node metrics respectively, rather than using the
[beyla.ebpf](https://grafana.com/docs/alloy/latest/reference/components/beyla/beyla.ebpf/) or
[prometheus.exporter.unix](https://grafana.com/docs/alloy/latest/reference/components/prometheus/prometheus.exporter.unix/)
Alloy components. This allows Beyla and Node Exporter to be deployed with the permissions they require to gather their
data, while limiting Grafana Alloy to only act as a collector of that data.
```
